When Experience becomes Knowledge, When Knowledge becomes Expression
You cannot and will not grow up unless you go through a few things. What you say means nothing, what you do means everything. Walk by Faith.
You write the sentences that become the paragraphs that become the chapters in the book of your life.
Life doesn't get easier, you just learn to manage the clock and pressure better. It's called maturity.
Eventually you'll stop caring about what others think or say about you. Eventually their opinions and assumptions will have little to no effect on your progress. Eventually happiness will override any sadness that may linger in and around your life. Eventually the sun will overtake the clouds that may hang over you. Eventually love will find a way. Take control and strengthen your faith and good things will come to you...eventually.
People overlook, ignore and avoid the right things for all the wrong reasons.
Despite your best intentions, conflicts will arise.
The people in your corner will tell you one thing. The people in his/her corner will tell them another. Ultimately, their opinions do not matter. It's what you do together, collectively, that determines the progress and outcome of the situation. Combine minds, maintain positivity and look beyond yourself to obtain the best possible result.
If we cannot set aside our differences to compromise for the benefit of more than just ourselves, we add to the destruction of tomorrow.
Your success (or failure) rate is not based on the opinions, judgement and expectations of others. Live for you and yours. Live within your means. Live to fulfill your dreams.
We are all going through something. We are all dealing with something. How we endure and overcome these challenging crises is what defines our character. Perception can be troubling if you are only willing to see things from your point of view. The things that we say and do, affect more than just ourselves. Its like tossing a rock into a lake and watching the ripple effect stretch onward and outward. Not everyone is going to be on your team. Not everyone is going to agree with what you choose to do or how you do it. So what? Everyone is entitled to an opinion just as everyone is granted the ability to ignore, disregard and bypass it. Remember that although there may be struggle now, there is a bigger picture to be painted and viewed. Right now is a mere second, a grain of sand in the hourglass. There is a lot of life left to live and a lot of love to receive and give. What is right to you is not always what is right for you. What you think of something or someone is rarely what is factual. If we are not willing to open our eyes, minds and hearts to see, know and feel, we are left with nothing more than assumptions and opinions. If we are not willing to grow, adapt and learn, we are stuck in a state of ignorance and influence. We must lead, for the sake of our children and future generations. We must love, for the comfort and security of ourselves and those around us. We must progress, to continue to develop our bodies and souls for the sake of our sanity and stability. In order to change the world, you must first change your world.
People often wonder why their lives’ appears so gloomy. First and foremost, you must accept the fact that positivity breeds positivity, the same way hatred breeds hatred. Be mindful of the company you keep. If they aren’t yet, they will become a direct reflection of you. People often wonder why certain individuals don’t acknowledge or accept them, with their kindness, sweet gestures, generosity and all. Here you must accept that not everyone is going to care about you or like you the way you desire him or her to. A square peg cannot be forced into a round hole. Most likely, they’re receiving the same treatment from something (or someone) they want to force to become something that it is not. This basic level karma, “treat others the way you wish to be treated”, will never be more evident. People often wonder why they feel so weighted down, burdened, sluggish. Stress, worry and depression are unhealthy for the soul. When you realize that you need not concern yourself with what others think or feel in regards to you, you’ll start to see advancements. You must let the past be the past and focus on the good in and around you today for a brighter tomorrow. The skeletons in your closet are yours alone to acknowledge and deal with. No one else’s opinion will have a thing to do with how you go about your plan, path and course of action. Take your concerns to your Creator, release that which drags you down, break the chains of the weighted stress, break away from misery and watch your progression quicken. Take care of you and treat yourself right.
Everyday I see an overabundance of complaints from a multitude of individuals in regards to the opposite sex. This prompted me to acknowledge and emphasize a few ideas that often times get overlooked. First and foremost, you must recognize that happiness is something that starts from within you. Too many people are looking for or relying on others to fill a void, provide joy or rescue them from the point and place they currently reside in on their life course. Secondly, who and what you think you want is not always what is ideal for you and your future. With social media and trends, people tend to be influenced by types and stereotypes. A lot of your prior heartache and suffering is a direct result of you chasing, latching on to and desiring the idea of things and people who are, in reality, no good for your spiritual and emotional growth and development. Next up is the concept of effort. Typically (but not always true) the people who put in the most time and effort are usually the ones who find you the most interesting, appealing, beautiful. They may not appear to be exactly what you’re looking for, but in the interest of attention and effort, there may be one who is deserving of your time and effort. If you cannot reciprocate the appreciation and adoration to one who has a genuine interest in you, why complain when you receive that same treatment from another? Think about what it is you truly want, then think about who is actually willing to provide it for you. Lastly, there will always be a plethora of options, a never-ending list of people, decisions and choices. Use more than just your eyes and choose wisely. Do not get too far ahead of yourself. Do not become too engulfed in the past and what has already come to pass. Truthfully, what you want, need and deserve is already available to you, it is just a matter of making the time and effort to take on the opportunity. He/she/it likely already exists in or around your bubble. Sometimes it will require a bit of change, a bit of stepping outside of your box, going against the grain, taking a chance, but you will never know unless you give it a try. We all want to love and be loved, but what are we willing to do to be in the position to give it, receive it and keep it, the right and righteous way? Just a thought.
Look beyond what's obvious, hear what isn't said, feel with more than the ability to touch, learn to avoid assuming. There's more than what's on the surface, more than the eyes can see.
I hope you open your mind and see, beyond what you think and believe, I hope you dream amazing things to bring into reality, I hope you give respect and joy to any and everyone, I hope you feel and experience abundant and authentic love, I hope you sing songs of happiness so the world can hear your sound, I hope you spread, positivity and faith all around, I hope you live your life to the fullest with success and few regrets, I hope you commit to your ambitions and responsibilities and always give your best, but most of all I hope you strive for spiritual wealth, by doing this one simple thing, never stop loving yourself.
Value the time and effort you invest into someone or something. Time wasted is often time you cannot get back. On the contrary, appreciate the time and effort that someone or something invests into you. Times missed are often times you cannot get back.
Some days I wake up and choose not to reach out to anyone, not to initiate any conversation or communication just to see who thinks, cares and feels as I do. Truth is, not everyone you hold a spot for in your thoughts and heart, reserves a similar spot for you. A lot of those same people choose not to reciprocate the love, admiration, respect or generosity you throw their way. At the end of the day, it is quite alright. For the select few family, friends, associates who do give the love right back to you, show your utmost appreciation to them. They get it. And never disconnect from the unlimited, steady streaming source of love, blessings, knowledge and positivity that comes from your Creator.
There are people that you know, know of, knew, see, talk to, ignore, dislike, detest, assume about or know nothing about in and around your life and world that are going through and dealing with things you may not know or realize that could be a painful, depressing burden upon them. With all the hatred and negativity floating around and happening on a daily basis, take time out of your day to be someone's light in the dark. Smile, shake someone's hand, give someone a hug, tell someone you love them, kiss your her (or him) like its the first time. We never know what the next second may bring and waiting until it's too late is never easy to endure. If I know you, I love you. If I don't know you, I love you. If you hate me, guess what...I still love you.
The easiest way to promote, instill and share happiness and love requires no words at all. A lot can be said with a simple smile.
I embrace being uniquely different. I'm often misunderstood, misinterpreted. Those who know me, get me. Everyone else is irrelevant. Sometimes you have to let people know how much they matter to you. On the flip side, sometimes people need to know how much their existence, words, assumptions and so on, do NOT matter. I'm not always right, but neither are you or anyone else. Respect is still a major part of the puzzle known as a relationship. Try knowing folks before you go talking about them. Try knowing folks before you absorb any gossip about them. And if anyone continues to disrespect, dishonor or bash your character...I prefer the old reliable life philosophy myself; Kill them with kindness.
Be more than a pretty face, a lovely body, a stash of cash, a collector of material items. Way too much time is spent trying to outdo and impress others. Don't let their "likes" be greater than the love you possess for yourself. Don't sell your soul for the attention or the spotlight. What do you want to be remembered for?
Imagine being a part of a group, community, society or world that does not glorify everything that is wrong or goes wrong day in and day out. Imagine being the inspiration or driving force behind a change for the better, as opposed to a provider of opinion without action. Imagine silence instead of hatred, love instead of tragedy. Imagine individuals not trying to impress or outshine one another with possessions, cool factor, imagery. Now stop imagining, stop talking and do something to make it a reality. Be the difference.
When you learn to hold yourself accountable for your words, actions, ideas and mistakes, you'll find that you're less concerned with, disappointed in or amused by what others say or do. Those who talk about you will rarely, if ever, approach you with their opinions, assumptions and criticism. So worry not, if you keep God in your heart, no harm will come to your soul. "I'm way up, I feel blessed." Always believe in you.
Typically, there are two methods for you to get attention. You can be acknowledged, recognized and praised for your actions, character, personality and effort. On the flip side, by utilizing the shock and awe method, along with flaunting your appearance, possessions and talking down to and about others to make yourself look better, you also can gather the attention of others. Who are you trying to be? What do you want to be known for? Don't try too hard. Don't try to be something you're not. Don't sell yourself for a little shine. One fact remains true, the prettiest people do the ugliest things.
Mistakes are God's way of teaching us life's lessons. If we do not learn from them, we are bound to repeat them which in turns leaves us buried in the hole we've already dug ourselves into. Seek opportunity, growth and reform. The goal should always be to become and evolve into a better version of yesterday's you, as you travel upon your road to righteousness and enlightenment.
The list will grow shorter, the path will grow wider, the weight will become lighter and the view will become clearer. Cutting off, letting go, moving on and overcoming are all a part of this progressive thing called life. Don't waste time on the wrong ones. Don't overlook the right ones. See the positive in others but do not ignore who they really are when the true colors are revealed. Never be afraid to move forward alone. Sometimes it's necessary to reach our destination.
Judge them not on their status, their situation, their money or lack there of, their past, their mistakes, their possessions, their kids, the rumors that surround or follow them, for only God should judge. Remember a diamond is made under pressure and gold is discovered while digging through the dirt. The joy you seek may be right under your nose. Quit seeking perfection and learn to accept and receive the blessings that exist in and around your world already. We all deserve the happiness we long for.
Don't allow the idea of being liked, to become larger than the reality of being loved.